<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en-us" lang="en-us">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <title>Mending Wall</title>
    <meta name="dc:title" content="Mending Wall" />
    <meta name="dc:creator" content="Marre" />
    <meta name="dc:identifier" content="urn:uuid:dd0ae7e8-bb36-4b24-a0f2-047dbc06aa57" />
    <meta name="dc:format" content=" " />
    <meta name="ncc:generator" content="Narrator Studio 1.60.2512" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <section id="ptitle_page" class="section nonlin" epub:type="frontmatter">
      <section class="titlepage" epub:type="titlepage"></section>
    </section>
    <section id="pch001" class="section" epub:type="bodymatter">
      <section id="section" class="level1 unnumbered">
        <p id="hix00001" class="pagenum"><b><span class="smallcaps"><span id="page1" aria-label="Page 1. " role="doc-pagebreak" epub:type="pagebreak" /></span></b></p>
        <h1 id="hix00066">Mending Wall</h1>
        <h2 id="hix00054">By Robert Frost</h2>
        <p id="hix00004">Something there is that doesn’t love a wall,</p>
        <p id="hix00056">That sends the frozen-ground-swell under it,</p>
        <p id="hix00005">And spills the upper boulders in the sun;</p>
        <p id="hix00006">And makes gaps even two can pass abreast.</p>
        <p id="hix00007">The work of hunters is another thing:</p>
        <p id="hix00008">I have come after them and made repair</p>
        <p id="hix00009">Where they have left not one stone on a stone,</p>
        <p id="hix00010">But they would have the rabbit out of hiding,</p>
        <p id="hix00011">To please the yelping dogs. The gaps I mean,</p>
        <p id="hix00012">No one has seen them made or heard them made,</p>
        <p id="hix00013">But at spring mending-time we find them there.</p>
        <p id="hix00014">I let my neighbour know beyond the hill;</p>
        <p id="hix00015">And on a day we meet to walk the line</p>
        <p id="hix00016">And set the wall between us once again.</p>
        <p id="hix00017">We keep the wall between us as we go.</p>
        <p id="hix00018">To each the boulders that have fallen to each.</p>
        <p id="hix00019">And some are loaves and some so nearly balls</p>
        <p id="hix00020">We have to use a spell to make them balance:</p>
        <p id="hix00021">“Stay where you are until our backs are turned!”</p>
        <p id="hix00022">We wear our fingers rough with handling them.</p>
        <p id="hix00023">Oh, just another kind of out-door game,</p>
        <p id="hix00024">One on a side. It comes to little more:</p>
        <p id="hix00025">There where it is we do not need the wall:</p>
        <p id="hix00026">He is all pine and I am apple orchard.</p>
        <p id="hix00027">My apple trees will never get across</p>
        <p id="hix00028">And eat the cones under his pines, I tell him.</p>
        <p id="hix00029">He only says, “Good fences make good neighbours.”</p>
        <p id="hix00030">Spring is the mischief in me, and I wonder</p>
        <p id="hix00031">If I could put a notion in his head:</p>
        <p id="hix00032">“<i>Why</i> do they make good neighbours? Isn’t it</p>
        <p id="hix00033">Where there are cows? But here there are no cows.</p>
        <p id="hix00034">Before I built a wall I’d ask to know</p>
        <p id="hix00035">What I was walling in or walling out,</p>
        <p id="hix00036">And to whom I was like to give offence.</p>
        <p id="hix00037">Something there is that doesn’t love a wall,</p>
        <p id="hix00038"><span id="page2" aria-label="Page 2. " role="doc-pagebreak" epub:type="pagebreak" />That wants it down.” I could say “Elves” to him,</p>
        <p id="hix00039">But it’s not elves exactly, and I’d rather</p>
        <p id="hix00040">He said it for himself. I see him there</p>
        <p id="hix00041">Bringing a stone grasped firmly by the top</p>
        <p id="hix00042">In each hand, like an old-stone savage armed.</p>
        <p id="hix00043">He moves in darkness as it seems to me,</p>
        <p id="hix00044">Not of woods only and the shade of trees.</p>
        <p id="hix00045">He will not go behind his father’s saying,</p>
        <p id="hix00046">And he likes having thought of it so well</p>
        <p id="hix00047">He says again, “Good fences make good neighbours.”</p>
      </section>
    </section>
  </body>
</html>
